---
layout: "story"
title: "Virat Kohli Got Standing Ovation From Adelaide Crowd Despite Scoring Duck In 2nd"
date: "2025-10-24 15:12:56 +0530"
categories: "custom"
image: "/assets/images/virat-kohli-got-standing-ovation-from-adelaide-crowd-despite-scoring-duck-in-2nd.jpg"
read_time: 3
author: "AI Content Desk"
tags: ["custom", "Trending", "News"]
excerpt: "Why Virat Kohli Got Standing Ovation From Adelaide Crowd Despite Scoring Duck In 2nd ODI Vs AUS. India are currently tak..."
---


"Virat Kohli", one of the most renowned cricketers in the world, has once again stolen the spotlight, but this time, not for his impressive batting skills. In the second ODI against "Australia" at the "Adelaide Oval", "Kohli" scored a duck, his second consecutive one in the series. However, despite his dismal performance, the "Adelaide" crowd gave him a standing ovation, and it's not hard to understand why.

The "Indian" team is currently locked in a three-match ODI series against "Australia", and all eyes were on "Virat Kohli" after his disappointing performance in the first ODI. Unfortunately, his woes continued, and he got out for a duck from just four balls, courtesy of a "Xavier Batlett" delivery. This was "Kohli's" second consecutive duck, a rare and unexpected sight for his fans.

So, why did the "Adelaide" crowd give "Kohli" a standing ovation despite his poor performance? The answer lies in the fact that this series is likely to be "Kohli's" last tour of "Australia" as a player. Having retired from "T20Is" and "Tests", "Kohli" now only plays "ODI" cricket, and it's likely that he will hang up his boots after the "ODI World Cup 2027". This realization made the occasion an emotional one, and the crowd acknowledged "Kohli's" contribution to the sport by giving him a heartfelt ovation.

As "Kohli" walked off the field, he acknowledged the crowd's appreciation by removing his gloves and raising them in a gesture of gratitude. This moment was a testament to the respect and admiration that "Kohli" has earned from fans around the world, including those in "Australia". The "Adelaide Oval", which "Kohli" has often referred to as his favorite ground in "Australia", was the perfect venue for this emotional farewell.

It's worth noting that "Kohli's" consecutive ducks are a rare occurrence in his illustrious career. For the first time since his debut on "August 18, 2008", "Kohli" has gotten out for two consecutive ducks in international cricket. This achievement, although not one he would be proud of, is a reminder that even the greatest players can have off days.

The "India vs Australia" series has been an exciting one so far, and fans can follow the live score to stay updated on the action. As for "Virat Kohli", this series will be a memorable one, not just for his performances on the field but also for the respect and admiration he has earned from fans around the world.

In conclusion, "Virat Kohli's" standing ovation at the "Adelaide Oval" was a fitting tribute to his incredible career, and a reminder that even in the face of adversity, true champions can evoke admiration and respect from fans. As "Kohli" continues to play "ODI" cricket, fans will be eagerly watching his every move, and cherishing the moments they get to see him in action.